data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipadd                                         android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipflash                                       android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipmake                                        android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipunpack                                      android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/licenses/android-partition-tools/AOSP_LICENSE android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aapt                                          android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aapt2                                         android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aidl                                          android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/android-sdk-build-tools/LICENSE         android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool.jar                                   apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/apktool/LICENSE                         apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/img2simg                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_ext4fs                                   ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sefcontext_decompile                          ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/simg2img                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lolcat                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/censor                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkbootimg                                     mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unpackbootimg                                 mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/makepkg-template                              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/makepkg                                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman-db-upgrade                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman-key                                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-add                                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman                                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacman-conf                                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/testpkg                                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vercmp                                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-remove                                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-elephant                                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv.sh                         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/buildflags.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/compiler.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/debugflags.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/lto.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/buildenv/makeflags.sh               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/ccache.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/checksum.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/distcc.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/fakeroot.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/gpg.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/gzip.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/pacman.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/strip.sh                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/sudo.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/executable/vcs.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/generate_checksum.sh      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/generate_signature.sh     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/verify_checksum.sh        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/integrity/verify_signature.sh       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/ext.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/paths.sh                pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/source_date_epoch.sh    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_config/variable.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/build_references.sh    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/dotfiles.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/file_names.sh          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_package/missing_backup.sh      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/arch.sh               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/arch_specific.sh      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/backup.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/changelog.sh          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/checkdepends.sh       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/conflicts.sh          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/depends.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/epoch.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/fullpkgver.sh         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/install.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/makedepends.sh        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/optdepends.sh         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/options.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/package_function.sh   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/package_function_variable.sh pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgbase.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkglist.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgname.sh            pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgrel.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/pkgver.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/provides.sh           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/source.sh             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/util.sh               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/lint_pkgbuild/variable.sh           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/reproducible.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/reproducible/python.sh              pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source.sh                           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/bzr.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/file.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/fossil.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/git.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/hg.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/local.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/source/svn.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/srcinfo.sh                          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy.sh                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/docs.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/emptydirs.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/libtool.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/purge.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/staticlibs.sh                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/strip.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/tidy/zipman.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util.sh                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/compress.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/config.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/dirsize.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/error.sh                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/message.sh                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/option.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/parseopts.sh                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/pkgbuild.sh                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/schema.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/source.sh                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/makepkg/util/util.sh                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pacman          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pacman-key      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/zsh/site-functions/_pacman                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/alpm-hooks.5                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/PKGBUILD.5                         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/makepkg.conf.5                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/pacman.conf.5                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/BUILDINFO.5                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/pacman-hooks.5                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pacman.8                           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/makepkg.8                          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/repo-add.8                         pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/vercmp.8                           pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pacman-key.8                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pacman-conf.8                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/repo-remove.8                      pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/makepkg-template.1                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libmakepkg.pc                     pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/PKGBUILD-split.proto                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/PKGBUILD-vcs.proto                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/PKGBUILD.proto                       pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacman/proto.install                        pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libalpm.so.13.0.1                             pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libalpm.so.13                                 pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libalpm.so                                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libalpm.pc                          pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alpm.h                                    pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alpm_list.h                               pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/makepkg.conf                                  pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/pacman.conf                                   pacman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/adb                                           platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fastboot                                      platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/e2fsdroid                                     platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/f2fs_sload                                    platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_f2fs                                     platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/platform-tools/LICENSE                  platform-tools
usr/local/bin/shc                                                                shc
usr/local/share/man/man1/shc.1                                                   shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vdexExtractor                                 vdexExtractor
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zipalign                                      zipalign
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/zipalign/LICENSE                        zipalign
