data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipadd                                         android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipflash                                       android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipmake                                        android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipunpack                                      android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/licenses/android-partition-tools/AOSP_LICENSE android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/adb                                           android-tools-adb
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fastboot                                      android-tools-fastboot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mke2fs.android                                android-tools-fastboot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool.jar                                   apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/img2simg                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_ext4fs                                   ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sefcontext_decompile                          ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/simg2img                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lolcat                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/censor                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkbootimg                                     mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unpackbootimg                                 mkbootimg
usr/local/bin/shc                                                                shc
usr/local/share/man/man1/shc.1                                                   shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vdexExtractor                                 vdexExtractor
